1. Edit settings.cc
2. Find my two comments "AJH" (my initials). They delimit where you need to edit.
3. There are two #if 0 or 1 and #endif statements. Set them both to #if 0 (they are my two modules' calibration settings, by commenting them
out you are setting your module to default calibration.
4. Edit factory_test.cc
5. Find my comment "AJH"
6. Change the line that has #if 0 to #if 1. This forces the module to output 1v or 3v, depending on the position of the frequency knob (below halfway it outputs 1v, past halfway it outputs 3v)
7. Compile and flash (erase the flash or you wont enter factory test mode).
8. There will be some blinky lights indicating the module is in the factory calibration state.
9. Using an accurate, high precision multimeter measure 1v and 3v on each of the four outputs and record them on the spreadsheet (replace the values I have entered for my modules). It's also worth waiting a few (10???) minutes for the module to warm up and the dac temperature to stabilise before reading the voltages, especially if you used a lower grade dac than that specified in the BOM.
10. Edit settings.cc and enter the offset and scale from the spreadsheet for each of the four dac channels.
11. Edit factory_test.cc and change the #if 1 to #if 0 (if you want to check the accuracy of the calibration, you can uncomment out the line at the end of the #if block - by turning the freq pot, you can output -2 to 5v on each of the four outputs, quantised to 1 volt).
12. Recompile and reflash (with erase of flash)
13. Power cycle
14. Dac calibration is done. (Don't forget to calibrate the adc as per the calibration notes in the Tides manual).

NOTE: The spreadsheet is exported from numbers. You may need to set the precision (number of decimal places) for the calculated scale and offset. Also, make sure that if you are in a locale that uses commas to denote the decimal point or separates the 1000s etc you may need to change that if you copy and paste the data into the source code !
